welcome sister 1860 your complete guide
to the weekend's action this week saw a
return to this tricky studio although it
was clear that some couples couldn't
shape last week's Wembley nerves was
nothing that's who did you down to the
ground yeah it was a case of business as
usual as Denise Danny and Kimberly
occupied the top of the leaderboard and
Bruce Lee decided to take up a new
career as a stripper well he's got to do
something with the other eight months of
the year come Sunday it was left to
Victoria and Michael to dance it out
with the judges opting to unanimously
save Michael and Natalie which meant
Victoria and Brendon had to pedal away
from Strictly in tandem that's all for
this week in the meantime check out the
latest strictly news on the website BBC
KOAT UK forward slash Strictly